hello today i am reviewing honda
dio 62
that's how it looks in a circle
there are some on this model
body defects
on the plastic school every century tint
closer to the summer will be a moped on Pyaterochka
such are nice
stop and turn signals mean so moped here
it's very quiet
I don't even get started when I get it
He wound up not before he was 22
push pull intermediaries with this 4 so this
just thunder so we wish it
let's hear how it sounds spirituality
glovebox there are we here is
scoreboard
Turning the handle extra mileage
volume when that's the thing she turns off and
turns on the lights he lock the castle we
interesting and very comfortable we look
we can close this very garbage and there
nobody put raindrops not
will fall to open turn off there is
distracting.
We focus such a thing we insert
the curtain is opening now
opening
then so on moped
there is steering lock i mean we have it
put here this way or that
the side
The key is squeezed to the bottom of the tick and all
steering us on the lock because no one is his
will turn that is who its not forward
further here it is the second thing Sirius
it is she who opens the trunk on her
click 1 clicks the lock opens
the trunk is pretty stylish here for yourself
old friend there are 56 girls surprise
state helmet does not fit
one more of the documents is placed
dogs flooded 192
about consumption if of course about a little
1.5 liters waiting for the city to terminate
very very good to forge his Head
knits to start turning the key
top starter
we will start all the package and it works very
quiet and surprisingly
eat while driving he will feel and work i was
there and very surprised here is the video system
the stove was
this system broke away about the logical thing
have you got me there will be no air emissions
will hold down the key lights and
turn signals
what pleased me is such here
The thing that shows is whether
there is no turn signals on light is stronger
really lacked
usually rubber front
now on the dirty sorry for the fact that he
dirty pebbles
these on the soul back fit
beautiful
the answer is very, very much sleeping on it 2 steps
the main one is
and which is well worth it here
us bay here we are with the switch
battery now grip take off they are
they will not have a screwdriver
removed a good moped now selling it
prices put 3 in my good it
that kind of money down below the video there is a link
on him with some interested
call by number
all agree sleeping all all
Thanks for attention
but that's not the 52